I want to send you off into the world
with some resources, some encouragement.
I may add to this list over time,
so if there's anything I missed,
I think there were a couple of tools and
techniques that I'll go and incorporate.
There are some notable design systems and
component libraries,
React has quite a few,
I think there's been a big demand for it.
React, ARIA from Adobe, we saw their focus
scope, that was a pretty handy component,
but there are whole other sets
of components that they've made.
Chakra UI, which is for
React and Vue, and maybe more.
There's Core UI for Vue,
another library called Radix.
And I haven't tested every single
one of these, I`ll caution you.
And even if something does
say it`s accessible also,
just kind of a last plug is that
don't take their word for it [LAUGH],
we have to test it,
I mean we are all human, right?
So we might have built something and
it worked when we published it and
then life happens and stuff maybe
doesn't work as well as we thought.
So, as authors of libraries, and
or as consumers of libraries,
we trust but
verify like try out a demo site.
Use those debugging techniques and
at least see what's the state of it,
and how is their GitHub library or
GitHub repo?
Do they respond to issues?
Are they kind about it?
Are they maybe not so nice about it?
You might be able to do
kind of a gut check of,
before we convert our whole
app to this design system,
what's the experience gonna
be like trying to fix things.
Question?
>> Have you looked into
Google's Material UI?
>> Yes, not recently, I'd have to look
again, but that could be one to check out.
I did work on Angular material a while
back, and yeah, there's some legacy there,
maybe a reason why I didn't
include some of that stuff.
But I know a lot of accessibility does
go into some of these libraries, so
that one could be worth a look for sure.
So some last training and
resources to send you on your way.
There's probably more accessibility
stuff here than you ever bargained for.
The third Thursday in May,
every single year is
Global Accessibility Awareness Day, and
there are talks and events and
all kinds of things, it's great.
I think every day should be Accessibility
Awareness Day personally, but
that's a big one for the community.
If you're anywhere near Toronto,
Accessibility to Toronto is amazing,
I don't know how they do it, honestly.
They do meetups and
a conference, they do a gaming
accessibility thing that's really neat.
Also in Toronto is a company called Fable,
they are a user testing group that
you can hire to test your product.
It's like they have disabled testers
you can work with to test prototypes,
pages, and they can help you highlight
issues if maybe you don't have
people in-house to help you with that.
And then I have a series of guidelines for
accessibility,
some more courses, and a list of people
to follow if you're so inclined.
I guess some parting wisdom or
love to send with you is just that
accessibility can be a way
to stand out from the crowd.
I know a lot of people are looking for
jobs right now, and, as a hiring manager,
you have two candidates who are really
solid and one developer has
more accessibility expertise,
that could be pivotal for teams.
It's not gonna be the only thing,
but it could help.
So some employers do prefer
accessibility certifications,
once you start to get into
accessibility specialist roles, but
I don't think you should need that for
a more general role.
But find your strengths, find what
you're into, and yeah, I just went
through a job search myself, so
I wanna send you some kudos, keep going.
Another question?
>> Do you ever use services like
Stark to maintain a history
of accessibility reports over time
versus doing manual checks every month?
>> Good question, yeah, Stark is amazing,
it has tools for Figma and other things.
I haven't used it for that, but yeah,
kind of thinking about working with teams,
and we'll get into some of this in
the enterprise accessibility workshop,
but yeah, very manual tests are not
that repeatable, especially across,
you have multiple team members.
So, finding tools where you can share
results, have a repeatable process,
that will become more important
as you do more of it.
Yeah, I think there's very varied
maturity in how you approach that,
I think some teams are just real
scrappy and kinda figure it out.
Some teams are bigger enterprises and
they need more elegant solutions
to those kinds of problems.
So, I think a lot of the tools like AXE,
they have whole product suites
around that type of thing.
So I think if you're getting into
team management of accessibility,
you might consider looking at one of
those more enterprise type tools.
>> How about in your continuous
integration build pipeline or
whatever, do you see testing
Incorporated there at all?
>> Yes, definitely, and that we will get
into an enterprise accessibility as well,
but with continuous integration, there's
some great opportunities to highlight it.
I see like if you have test coverage for
accessibility and
your teammate publishes a pull request and
it fails the tests,
guess who has to go fix the tests
before they can ship their PR?
So I think it really can be helpful for
catching stuff before it ships.
For things like AXE, if you were
running AXE in your CI pipeline,
kinda debatable whether you
wanna have those results fail or
not, it kinda depends what they are.
You might have some pre-existing
accessibility failures that you either
have to ignore or you're just always
gonna fail builds, I'm not really sure.
So, I think your feature
test that you write for
your stuff that you know are reliably tied
to stuff that you actually can control,
those tests should fail builds,
like keyboard tests and stuff.
But, yeah, maybe not like a full
accessibility API, test API in continuous
integration, I think maybe that's
more of like in your development,
but different teams might
have different approaches.
>> All right, thanks, Marcy.
>> [APPLAUSE]